>>REGINA MEREDITH:
We're here in the middle
of Hyde Park on a sunny
Saturday afternoon.
About five years ago, my husband
and I were in the same spot,
looked up to the sky, and
saw several silver orbs
that seemed to be darting
around and blinking in and out.
I always wondered
what they were.
Well, toward that
end, we're going
to be meeting with Malcolm
Robinson, a Scottish UFO
researcher, and he's going to
be telling us some Scottish UFO
and ghost stories.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh, it's good to have you here.
And you have so-- you
love to tell stories.
You tell them beautifully.
And you have been researching
the subject of UFOs, ghosts,
and so forth for how
many decades now?
>>MALCOLM ROBINSON: Over
30-- 40 years now, Regina.
Yes, a long, long time.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I have to say
I love your accent.
Everybody loves a
good Scottish accent.
And so as we go
along, if there are
a couple of words that I think
our viewers may not understand,
I'll just repeat after
you, but it's not
because I'm not hearing you.
>>ROBINSON: OK.
>>REGINA: OK.
So first of all,
well, let's just
launch into how you
originally became
fascinated with UFO phenomena.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
I've always been fascinated
by strange phenomena.
Ever since I was a small
boy growing up in Scotland,
I had this deep
desire to find out
what was going on with these
ghosts and poltergeists and UFO
sightings.
It's fair to say
that I was very, very
skeptical of all these reports.
I thought there
will be no validity
in these claims at all.
Come on.
Who sees ghosts?
Who sees UFOs?
But it's like
anything else in life.
Once you go through your life
investigating these claims--
there is a lot of nonsense.
That is a lot of
shenanigans out there.
But I soon found that there
is no smoke without fire.
I've been slapped on
the face by a ghost.
I've had my hair
pulled by a ghost.
I've seen some magical things in
the sky and in haunted houses.
And when that happens to
you on a personal level,
you come off the
skeptical fence.
The evidence is overwhelming.
And it was back in 1979 that
I formed my own society--
Strange Phenomena
Investigations-- to purposely
look and to try and come
up with some answers
to account what at
present eludes us.
And it's a journey
that I've been
fascinated with for
many, many years.
And I'm still on that journey.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And you create reports so that
people who have had experiences
have some kind of
common way that they're
reporting the data to you.
It allows for drawings.
It allows for personal comments.
So you can standardize
your approach
to doing your research
on these cases.
>>ROBINSON: Absolutely.
With any case we
look at, there's
always a questionnaire form
that we submit to the witnesses
purely for them to write
down the height of a UFO
in the sky, any noise,
any colors-- what
did you experience?
Did you hear anything?
Could you draw it for us?
And that helps us
build up a picture
of what the witness saw.
We also have to
check with the police
to see if any local people
had reported these sightings.
We have to check with
the local airports
and the national airports
to see if any objects were
in the sky at that given time.
We check with local flying
clubs, helicopters, et cetera.
Effectively, we're
trying to just dot the Is
and cross the Ts and find a
rational explanation to account
for these given sightings.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Are you comfortable launching
in now to some cases?
Because you have a lot
of cases, and we only
have an hour to speak.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about the
Livingston UFO incidents.
>>ROBINSON: This was
the case-- the one case,
Regina-- that propelled
me into this domain.
It happened in
1979, in November,
to a forestry worker
entitled Robert Taylor.
>>REGINA: A forestry worker?
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ROBINSON: He was employed
by the Livingston Development
Corporation Forestry Department.
And it was his job to ensure
that no cattle or sheep strayed
into the woods and got lost.
It was a very mundane
job, but he loved it.
He loved it.
All that changed.
Because on the
morning of November
the 9th, 1979, as Robert Taylor
went into Dechmont Woods,
his whole world was
catapulted upside down.
It was changed into
"The Twilight Zone."
He got out of his truck and
he walked along this forestry
path, as was his daily job.
He came upon a
clearing in the woods.
And he was absolutely amazed.
He was amazed because floating
about 20 feet above the surface
of the grass in this
clearing-- in this wood--
was this large,
dome-shaped object.
And it had a flange going
around its perimeter.
And coming up from
this flange was
these cross-like projections.
He's standing looking at this.
He couldn't believe it.
He's never seen anything
like it in his--
>>REGINA: Yes.
You can imagine how
shocking it would be.
And this was in '79, right?
>>ROBINSON: '79.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ROBINSON: On that journey--
he had his Irish red setter
dog, Lara, to accompany
him on that journey.
And parts of this
object disappeared.
And you could see the young
trees in the background.
And then it would solidify.
And then it would dematerialize.
And then it would
solidify again.
And he's terrified.
He's looking at this.
He couldn't believe
what he's seeing.
And his dog is barking
furiously around him,
running around in circles.
And then suddenly, what
resembled two Second World War
sea mines.
>>REGINA: Sea what?
>>ROBINSON: Sea
mines-- the mines
that you got in the North
Atlantic, and the shipping,
to-- it was these prods sticking
up from a spherical ball.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ROBINSON: And it
was similar to that.
Two spherical balls
dropped down from
beneath this hovering
object and rested
on the grass-- started rolling
across the grass towards him.
They stopped.
Then they projected these
rod-like projections
towards both of
his hips and pulled
them-- pulled them
very, very forcibly
towards this bigger object.
And at that point, he
smelled a horrible burning
smell pervading the whole area--
this horrible, tangent burning
smell.
And then it was like
a swish of a cane--
just swish-- moving around.
And he lost consciousness.
When he regained
consciousness, Regina,
he found that his
clothes were torn.
And I'll show you
these in a moment.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We have the pants he was
wearing when he was on duty.
>>ROBINSON: These are the
pants that he was wearing.
>>REGINA: And you
said on each hip?
>>ROBINSON: Absolutely.
This rip here differs slightly
from the rip on the right hand
side.
This is more elongated.
And he was pulled up forcibly--
lifted up into the air
and thrown down on the ground.
And he had a terrible thirst.
He had a pounding headache.
And he staggered back
to his pickup truck.
But just before he
did do so, he saw
these marks in the
grass-- triangular
and circular marks--
depressions in the grass
that previously were not there.
He tried to radio in his
pickup truck to his base,
but he couldn't.
He couldn't speak.
And he reversed the
truck into a ditch,
so he couldn't
get the truck out.
He staggered home to his home
in a small village called Deans.
And his wife, when
she saw him, she
went, what's happened to you?
His trousers are torn.
His clothes are all dirty.
And his famous words
were, I've been attacked.
You've been attacked?
Attacked by what?
And he said the immortal
worlds, which he could only say
was a spaceship.
Now, she phoned his
boss-- a gentleman
by the name of
Malcolm Drummond-- who
came down to speak to Robert.
The police became
involved because it
was an assault by person
or persons unknown.
The police visited
the area in question.
They saw the marks in the grass.
>>REGINA: Now, are
these the marks--
I saw some pictures of
yours off camera-- the marks
that you showed in the
grass of the photographs?
>>ROBINSON: That's
correct, Regina.
The police saw these marks
in the grass themselves.
And they fenced off
the area and did not
allow any local people
to come and contaminate
that site because that
was a crime scene--
one of the first crime
scenes in the United Kingdom
to do with UFOs.
I visited Robert Taylor.
I interviewed him.
He's a very genuine passion.
He does not believe in UFOs.
That's the furthest
thing away from his mind.
But he says,
Malcolm, I saw that.
I saw that craft.
And to this day, I will always
say that I saw that craft.
It was unbelievable.
And I believe in the
honesty of that gentleman.
And it's one of
the biggest cases--
in fact, the forensic people at
Bathgate police station looked
at the trousers.
And they analyzed these
trousers us and they said,
the rips on these
trousers were not
made by any sharp forrest
debris like forest
twigs or sharp stones.
>>REGINA: Right.
It would be more raggedy
or something, wouldn't it?
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
So the police
forensic gentleman--
a chap called Lester Knibb--
says, these trousers were,
indeed, pulled forcibly
upwards in the manner
suggested by the witness.
And to this day, that case
stands the test of time.
And it's one of Scotland's
most baffling mysteries.
>>REGINA: At the
time, did they do
any kind of readings off of
the burn marks-- radiation
or any of that?
And what did they find?
>>ROBINSON: Sadly, that
wasn't conducted at the time.
And I was just a young Ufologist
learning my trade, so to speak,
at that time.
And I didn't have the
equipment to do that myself.
But he had these
scars on his body.
He had strange dreams.
>>REGINA: Well,
let's talk about some
of that, because that's
usually-- the part that they
can't remember is often
indicated in those things.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
Some months later, Robert
Taylor telephoned my house.
And he says that he'd been
having these strange dreams
of these gray shapes
coming into his dream
world-- this gray face.
And it only lasted
on a couple of nights
and he never had that again.
And it does make
me wonder if what
he saw was truly part and
parcel of a alien abduction--
call it what you will.
And I think he did have that.
>>REGINA: So after those
prods came out to the hips,
where the trousers are torn,
and pulled him toward them,
was it blank after that?
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
He lost consciousness.
We don't know how long
he lost consciousness.
It may have been a minute.
It may have been
several minutes.
But to this day, we don't
know how long that was.
>>REGINA: And what
kind of marks did he
have on this body
after all this?
>>ROBINSON: Small
scratch marks just where
they had-- on the
trousers-- on the pants.
Just small scratch
marks on his thighs,
which corresponded with the
pulling up of his person.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Any final thoughts
on Robert Taylor
before we move on
to the A70 incident?
>>ROBINSON: Well,
I'd just like to say
that's it is a fascinating case.
It's one of Scotland's
biggest cases.
And people must
recognize the fact
that we're not just dealing
here with lights in the sky.
Sometimes people encounter weird
objects right up close-- right
in your face.
And on the eventful morning
of November the 9th, 1979,
Robert Taylor did encounter
something very weird.
He didn't want it to happen.
He didn't want it to
happen, but it did.
And it's just part and
parcel of a jigsaw--
of a big, ufological jigsaw
from pieces from America,
from Canada, Venezuela.
It sits tight together, but
where it leads us, who knows?
>>REGINA: Well, and that was
around the period of time
as-- I think it was only
a couple years later where
you had Rendlesham Forest
and Bentwaters, right?
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
Correct, yes.
>>REGINA: So there was a lot of
activity, again, in the forest.
So they were coming into
these non populated areas,
for whatever purpose.
And again, there
was the same dynamic
of having that
imprint in the ground,
although they did take radiation
level readings at that time,
at Rendlesham and
Bentwaters, right?
>>ROBINSON: They did, yes.
Very much so.
>>REGINA: But a very similar
phenomenon except no one
was pulled forward
by their hips.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah, that's true.
I mean, I know Larry
Warren, who was
part involved in the Rendlesham
Forest case, very, very well.
Lovely fellow.
And to this day, he still
maintains that yeah, he
saw that craft in
Rendlesham Forest, as well.
It was different from what
Robert Taylor saw, admittedly.
But again, it's
another strong case--
>>REGINA: The point
is, it was all
happening in the
forests around the UK,
in this saturated
period of time--
late '70s and early '80s.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
Correct.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's go on to
the A70 abduction.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
This is another fascinating
case in the annals
of Scottish ufology.
And it's one of
these weird cases.
Now, we all know about
yet UFO abductions.
But I personally-- at
that time in my life, back
in the early 1990s, although
I was aware of these cases,
I hadn't researched any.
And it wasn't until these
two gentlemen came to me
and told me this fascinating
tale that I went,
you know what?
This is weird.
What happened was that on an
August evening back in 1992,
Gary Wood and Colin
Wright was traveling
in a car from Edinburgh.
They left the built
up city of Edinburgh.
And their destination
was a small village
called Tarbrax in West Lothian.
And as the car left Edinburgh
and went out to countryside--
it was fields on either side--
a small house there, et cetera.
And it was late at night.
And they're traveling
down the road.
They had no interest
in UFOs, Regina.
They'd heard about it
like everybody else,
but it wasn't a
fascination for them.
So they're driving
down this road.
And then suddenly, Collin
says, Gary, what's that?
And they peered through
the windshield of the car
and they saw this disc shaped
object hovering about 20,
30 feet above the
surface of the road.
And they knew-- they knew right
away, this wasn't a helicopter.
This wasn't an aircraft of
any way, shape, or form.
>>REGINA: Well, it
was hovering, so--
>>ROBINSON: It
was hovering, yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And rather
than stop the car
and go back, they decided
that the best course of action
would be just to travel
underneath this object
and just get away.
So if you can imagine
my hand as the UFO
and this is the car--
as the car was traveling
underneath this
object, it emitted
a big, heavy, silver,
shimmering curtain of light--
descended like sparkling
snowflakes and hit the car.
And as soon as that
effect hit the car,
both men were enveloped in
total and inky blackness.
They couldn't see each other.
They could see the
dashboard of the car.
Where are we?
What's happened?
Bang.
Within seconds, they
regained their sight.
The car was shuddering very,
very violently in the road.
They had to control the
car from going into a bank.
And then suddenly, they just
went off to their destination.
They knocked on
the occupant's door
who they were going to
see in this small village.
And the lady says,
where have you been?
You're an hour and a half late.
And they rushed into
the home and they says,
you'll never believe
what we have seen.
And they proceeded to tell the
occupants of this family home
about this strange
craft in the sky.
That night and subsequent
nights thereafter, they
had these horrible dreams of
these small, gray creatures
coming into their dream world.
They found scoop marks
on their body-- scars
on their body that
previously were not there.
We all know our bodies.
We take showers, et cetera.
We know--
>>REGINA: Were they little
scratches or cuts or pinpricks
or what was the nature of them?
>>ROBINSON: These were
semicircular marks.
They weren't cuts, but they
were deep indentations.
They were quite formulated.
They broke the skin.
And they said to
themselves, surely,
this can't be one of
those crazy UFO stories.
But what if it is?
Who do we turn to?
So they went to
their local library.
They picked up a
book on UFOs, which
had my organization in
the back of the book.
And they contacted me.
And I quickly invited them to my
home, sat both gentlemen down.
I says, guys, just
tell it as it is.
They proceeded to
tell me this story.
And at that time, Regina,
I advocated the use
of hypnotic regression as
a tool to perhaps unlock
the hidden subconscious
memories, et cetera.
And I says to these
two gentlemen,
would you like me to do this?
Would you like hypnosis
used on you just
to see if perhaps something
else happened that night?
It may not have, but
would you like to see?
Malcolm, we'll try anything.
We need to know what happened
because even our wives don't
believe us.
So we used a qualify
hypnotherapist.
We independently subjected
both men to hypnotic regression
and took them back to
that August evening.
Now, under hypnosis, a
typical abduction scenario
unfolded-- very, very similar
to European and worldwide
abduction cases.
What I'm about to say
just now to yourself
and your lovely viewers
is as the car hit
this shimmering light,
they were forcibly
taken out of this vehicle
by several small creatures--
we call them the
Grays-- roughly 3
and a half to 4 feet
tall; pear-shaped heads;
black, inky, almond-shaped
eyes; no sign of any genitalia;
very translucent creatures.
And they were transported
to this object.
They were taken independently
to different rooms.
They were stripped naked.
And they were
subjected to some form
of medical or
clinical examination.
>>REGINA: There's artwork that's
associated with this, right?
The man lying on the table?
>>ROBINSON: Yes, that's correct.
>>REGINA: Is that Collin?
>>ROBINSON: That's
Gary-- Gary Wood.
>>REGINA: That's Gary?
OK.
Let's go ahead and talk
about what they experienced.
It's really well done
artwork, by the way.
>>ROBINSON: Thankfully, we
have illustrations-- drawings
made by both Gary Wood
and Collin Wright.
But some of recall
under hypnosis
was Gary found himself on
this flat, raised table.
He couldn't move.
He couldn't turn his head.
He could only move his eyes.
And moving around this bed were
these small, gray creatures.
Some of them were
small, but he did
observe have some
of these creatures
were about 6 to 7 feet tall.
So there were small
ones and tall ones.
>>REGINA: Were they also
a little bit paler than--
>>ROBINSON: They were.
>>REGINA: This is the
same story over and over.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ROBINSON: They were.
And he desperately wanted
to hit-- being Scottish,
he couldn't do that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Start a brawl.
>>ROBINSON: He wanted to
brawl with these little guys.
But unfortunately,
he couldn't move.
And he was really traumatized.
He very frightened, as I'm
sure your viewers would
be in that environment.
And they preceded to move
this pendulum device up
and down his body for
reasons-- don't know.
And then suddenly,
this can-- this
can shaped device, about
so high-- about 2 and 1/2
feet-- rose up.
He could see it just out
of the corner of his eye--
rose up from the
floor to head height
and started spinning
around, making a noise.
And he didn't know what it was.
And then as he
looked to the left,
just out of the side of his
eye, he saw a naked female.
She was sitting on the floor
of this room with her knees
under her chin, with her arms
wrapped around her knees.
She had shaggy,
loose, permed hair.
And she gently turned
her head around
to look at Gary, who
was lying behind her,
and tears were
running down her face.
And Gary says,
Malcolm, I'll always
remember how sad
and forlorn that--
>>REGINA: And we have that
depiction of her from behind,
sitting on the floor of the UFO.
>>ROBINSON: We have.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And he
says, Malcolm, I'll
always remember
how sad she looked.
And Collin, the other
witness, found himself
in a curved chair, of which
we have drawings of, which
we'll see.
And at another
point, Collin also
found himself encased then
in this tall glass or perspex
chamber.
It was like a man's cigar tube,
but only about 8, 9 feet tall,
made of glass.
And he was strapped.
He was naked.
He was strapped in this
thing and he couldn't move.
But what he could
see around about him
was a number of other perspex
chambers with other naked males
and females there.
And there was this
mist-- columns of mist
were pervading around all
these columns-- these glass
or perspex chambers.
And he was very frightened.
He was very frightened.
He also remembers lying
on this curved chair where
this device came
down from the ceiling
and a needle-like device
penetrated his eye.
So it had all the hallmarks
of other abductions,
apart from one strange aspect.
Some of these small,
gray creatures had
red, yellow, and
green perforations
underneath their
eyes, just like a--
>>REGINA: Until we
talked, I hadn't ever
heard that part before.
>>ROBINSON: It's bizarre.
>>REGINA: Red, yellow, and
green little lines, right?
>>ROBINSON: Little lines, yes.
Very bizarre.
>>REGINA: And you
said perforations?
>>ROBINSON: If you like.
Yeah, it's like a fish's
gills-- this slit on a--
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
Uh-huh.
>>ROBINSON: It was like little
slits, but they were colored.
And some of these creatures
had the pear-shaped heads
whilst other of
these creatures had
an indentation at the top of
their heads, which is again,
very strange and not in keeping
with worldwide UFO events.
And I'm only hoping that
some of your viewers
may have their own case or know
of something with these green,
yellow, and red perforations.
Cause it all adds up.
>>REGINA: Well,
hopefully, they'll
let us know--
right in after this
if they've seen that before.
And see if this is classic to
experiences all over the world,
in terms of abductions.
>>ROBINSON: Yes, absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so did
they ever remember or get
a sense of why they were
there, after they went
through the hypnotic regression?
>>ROBINSON: Gary was getting
strange words formulating
in his head.
He knew that they
were not his words.
And then suddenly, this word
formulated-- "sanctuary."
That's what he heard very,
very clearly in a metallic--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
Very interesting.
This metallic
voice-- "sanctuary."
Because Gary was asking, why?
What is it you want?
Why are you doing this to me?
I'm just a normal chap.
And he got "sanctuary."
And why that word-- we
know what it means, but--
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, after this-- I mean,
it was shocking event.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Once they recalled
all this, as the years went on,
did anything change in terms
of the nature of their lives,
the quality of their lives,
their dreams-- anything
like this?
>>ROBINSON: Well, there was
one occasion a few years
after that, Regina.
Gary was in a car in Edinburgh
with his two young sons--
the built-up city of
Edinburghugh-- a big city.
And then suddenly-- and
during the daytime-- suddenly,
the whole car was enveloped
and a white cardboard
went right round the
car-- like a white mist
or a-- right round the car.
And his young sons were
screaming, Dad, Dad,
what's this?
What's this?
And we don't know what happened.
There was no missing time there,
but that was a strange event.
Gary also said that
on one occasion,
he saw one of these
creatures in his room.
>>REGINA: The little
grays or the taller--
>>ROBINSON: Little
grays in his room.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ROBINSON: And on one occasion,
Gary's wife telephoned me.
And she says, Malcolm, I'd
like to apologize to you.
And I says, why?
She says, I'm never accepted
my husband's story on this.
I thought he's making
it up, but not now.
Why?
Well, last night, I
was sleeping with Gary
in our bed in the family home.
Gary was sleeping.
I was reading a book.
I closed the book, put the
book on the bedside table,
switched off the light.
And about a minute
later, my ankles
were pulled very
forcibly down the bed.
And I looked and at
the foot of the bed
were these small,
gray creatures,
pulling at my ankles.
And they just melted
back into the wall.
She says, Malcolm, I'm so sorry.
I believe my husband now.
And it does affect families.
>>REGINA: And
again in America, I
interviewed a woman
named Andrea Perron,
and her sisters had the same
experience in the house they
lived in, which was
really quite a big story.
The movie "The Conjuring"
was loosely based on it.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And then we also spoke
with Ann Andrews the other day,
and what happened
with her sons--
particularly Jason,
but also Daniel.
And again, it doesn't matter
where in the world-- very,
very similar descriptions of
the experience keep appearing.
>>ROBINSON: We're dealing
with a real phenomenon.
We're dealing with something
that-- quite rightly, you
said-- is occurring
all over the world.
As a researcher,
we have to find out
if people are on medication,
if they're on drugs and just
concocting false and
elaborate stories.
We have to ensure that the
people we're dealing with
are telling the truth.
95% of UFO reports
and abduction stories
can easily be explained
as falsehoods, et cetera.
The 5% that remain, 3% could
be our own black budget
technology.
The stealth aircraft
was flying in the States
about 10 years before America
had said, that's ours.
It give rise to a lot
of false UFO reports.
>>REGINA: Well, and
according to Mark McCandlish
and his experiences
at Area 51 and his--
those are well known now--
the Mark McCandlish drawings
strong of full blown spacecraft
that was hovering in the area.
>>ROBINSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And that
was many years ago.
So we know the
technology has existed.
>>ROBINSON: And here,
at my time of life now,
researching this for
over 35, 40 years,
I honestly believe
that we're dealing
with something real--
something tangible.
It's always been with us.
We look at
Renaissance paintings,
it's in-- these craft,
have been there.
And what annoys me
and what frustrates
me is these UFO abductions.
Why, why, why, why?
Because they've been
abducting people now
for many, many years.
Some people would say it's
a genetic program-- they're
taking sperm and ova
from males and females
to repopulate a dying planet.
Sounds "Star Trek."
Female abductees have been
shown half human, half hybrid
children.
And telepathically, it's been
said, that belongs to you.
That's part you
and it's part us.
Nice stories-- fanciful stories.
But it still annoys
me that, why are
we still getting this today?
Is it because, perhaps,
planet Earth is a zoo?
Did they actually seat us here?
We can look at Darwin.
When can look at God.
We can look at Jesus.
We can look at the third
option of maybe we are a zoo.
Maybe we are their children.
Maybe we are hybrids of them.
And it's only speculation.
But it's a possibility.
>>REGINA: Well, I mean, when
you look at the morality of it
and we think, oh,
how dare they, well,
look what we do
to other species.
So again, if we are just
another species in their eyes--
and you have to look at the
reality that it's not as though
these people are
murdered and brutalized.
It's not as though our
world has been taken over
and occupied by these
other supposed oppressors--
the ones that abduct people.
We're still going
on about our lives.
So I think maybe
your analogy of a zoo
might not be-- it might not be
inappropriate, in certain ways.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
And then obviously, we
have to look at, allegedly,
these other races.
It's not just the Grays.
We have these
lizard-type creatures
which I don't speak
about, because I've not
researched any of these cases.
I'm aware of them--
reptilians, et cetera,
which David Icke
speaks about a lot.
But what we have to
remember is whereas we're
living in the age of DreamWorks
laboratory-- of Steven
Spielberg's DreamWorks
laboratory--
where anything can be
manipulated onto a computer
to look the real deal.
But, thankfully
the same technology
can be applied to prove that
it's the real deal or not.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And again, the
thing that intrigues
me is the people who
have been abducted
and those around them
who have witnessed
is the feeling they
come away with.
Again, these common
experiences of paralysis.
Now, that's not
accounted for if you're
looking at back engineered
military technology,
for example.
That has nothing to
do with, necessarily,
the human consciousness
interface,
as these kinds of
experiences do,
which lends more credence to it.
>>ROBINSON: When we look
at back engineering,
we may say that some of
the technology that's
flying in our skies
today may have been--
and it's a big may-- people may
differ in their investigations
and analysis-- that
some of this was back
engineering from
alien technology.
There is abductees who have
seen both the small grays
and military people in the same
room-- in the same environment.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And that leads
me to think, if that's true--
and I do believe the testimony--
that these people are telling
the truth-- then it would very
must seem to suggest that there
are this collusion,
if you like--
they are working side by side.
And that may lend-- but why?
Again, it opens up, why?
Why?
What's going on here?
>>REGINA: It's not only that
you have been researching
other people's experiences--
you've had some sightings
and experiences of your own.
Let's talk about
that for a moment,
because I think that's
a nice segue going
into the story of ghosts,
because these are not separate,
necessarily.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
Yeah, like I said
at the top there,
this fascination for all things
weird and wonderful probably--
one of the very
early events, Regina,
happened when I was a young
boy, about 7, 8 years of age.
I was playing football
in a local park.
And it was a lovely summer's
day-- not a cloud in the sky.
And I looked up and there's
this big, big silver
ball-- this oval-shaped
ball was hovering up there.
I went, what on Earth is that?
And we all stopped.
Everybody stopped playing
football and looked at this.
And to this day, we
don't know what it was.
We looked down and then we
looked up and it was gone.
In an instant, it was gone.
And then there was
another time at Loch Ness,
because I do a lot of
research at Loch Ness.
I speak to witnesses, et cetera.
And we were shooting a campfire
on the shores of Loch Ness
at a little village
called Drumnadrochit.
Now, that's a lovely
name, isn't it?
Drumnadrochit.
>>REGINA: Very Scottish.
>>ROBINSON: And there was
Germans, there were Americans,
there were Canadians-- all
sharing this lovely campfire.
And it was a beautiful,
beautiful, starry night.
And I had my back
towards the loch.
And suddenly, this American
lady shouted out, what's that?
What's that?
And we all turned round and
the silhouette of the hills
at the other side
of Loch Ness, there
was this big ball
of light which was
jumping up and down in the sky.
And it stopped.
And it was making all
these bizarre movements.
And then suddenly, it just shot
off into the sky and was gone.
>>REGINA: What color was it?
>>ROBINSON: It was white.
>>REGINA: White?
OK.
>>ROBINSON: White, white object.
And it was gone in seconds.
And we checked
airports-- nothing
was flying in that
area at the time.
There was another gentleman
who says, Malcolm,
would you like to come up
and see UFOs where I live?
I went, yeah.
Of course.
He says, well, what
I do is I use a torch
and I click my torch into
the night sky and bang, bang.
>>REGINA: Yeah, those
laser flashlights.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And I
get bursts of light.
Bursts of light come
down from a cloudy sky.
>>REGINA: Bursts of light?
Whoa.
>>ROBINSON: So I says, OK.
I've go to see this.
So I traveled up
to a little place
called Achiltibuie in
Wester Ross in Scotland.
And again, thankfully, it
was a lovely, starry night.
We don't get a lot
of that in Scotland,
but that night, it was lovely.
And we got out of his car and
we walked maybe about 300,
400 feet.
And it was all moors
and Scottish hillside
and the Milky Way
was in the distance.
And he-- well, Malcolm,
this is all I do.
This is a torch I use.
And this is what I do.
And he started clicking
his torch, Regina.
I swear, hand on heart,
within about 30 seconds,
this enormous column
of light descended
from a clear, clear,
cloudless sky.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's amazing.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And it came
down like a rope ladder.
If you had a flimsy rope
latter and you threw it
over the wall-- It came down
in stages with rungs-- bop,
bop, bop, bop,
bop-- it came down.
I had a camera.
I had a camera around my chest.
And I was too
gobsmacked to look--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: To look at it.
And I look at this.
And then suddenly,
I just realize,
I better take a photograph.
But by that time, it just-- boom
woof-- it was gone in seconds.
And he says, oh, I'm so
glad you saw that, Malcolm--
so glad a researcher has come
all this way to see this.
And whilst it's great--
I never got a photograph,
sadly-- whilst it's great for
me and it's part of the picture,
where does that lead
us as far as trying
to convince the Joe public?
>>REGINA: That's hard.
>>ROBINSON: It is.
My job is just to provide
information-- provide
photographs and
testimony to people
to make up their own minds.
I'm not asking anybody to
believe anything I say.
It's true.
I'm just asking you to digest
it, search for yourself,
and find out these answers
because like I say,
we are dealing with
something real.
>>REGINA: A few years
ago, my husband Scott
and I were in London.
And this event happened.
And don't know
what it was, but it
was in the middle of the daytime
and there were chemtrails
laid across the sky.
And then about seven
or eight silver orbs
started darting in and
flying into the chemtrails.
And then they would quickly
come out at another angle
and then disappear.
And then they'd come back and
hover in the chemtrails again.
And this is in daylight.
We were at Portobello Road.
And we were both like
this, going, oh, my God.
Watch those.
Do you know, not one person
on the street-- not one person
looked up.
Now, wouldn't you
normally look up
if someone-- if you
walked by someone pointing
into the sky, of course
you're going to look up.
But not one person
would look up.
And we thought, are we living
in some alternate reality here?
Later on in the day,
we went Hyde Park.
They came back-- whatever
they were-- and started
darting in and out of chemtrails
again and blinking out again.
We did the same thing--
ah, there they are again.
>>ROBINSON: Nobody looked.
>>REGINA: One person
came up and said to us,
please, don't
scare the children.
Now, how odd is that?
And I mean, I've
seen other things--
green balls of light in
the middle the night,
crashing into the ground,
especially in Sedona,
but other places.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah,
Sedona's lovely.
>>REGINA: A green cigar craft
coming right in front of me,
driving-- again, late
at night-- down a road.
So I mean, it's all around.
But that statement--
don't look up.
Don't scare the children.
That's the mentality
this is going against.
>>ROBINSON: It's
very sad, isn't it?
That is very sad.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: I mean,
thankfully, we now
have lots of programs on all
the channels in America and here
in the UK, pertaining to ghosts
and UFOs, which is great.
>>REGINA: And that's where
we're going now, is ghosts.
Yes.
We have time to tell
some ghost stories.
So let's do that,
because the two--
and maybe give us a little
bridge between the two.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
I mean, part of my research
as a paranormal researchers
is not just to look
into UFO sightings.
It's also to look at the very
other side of that fence--
the paranormal world-- the
ghosts, the poltergeists,
et cetera.
And to be honest
with you, I guess
that's where my true heart
lies, because I love spending
nights in haunted houses,
seeing things move, et cetera.
And I'd like to share
with your viewers
just one of two
of these stories.
>>REGINA: Oh, we have time.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: Thanks.
That's brilliant.
I remember once, we were
in this haunted house
in the village of Stirling.
And our psychic,
Mijam, who we always
work with a good psychic.
And she says, Malcolm, don't
you feel spirit in this room?
It's everywhere.
It's all over the place.
I says, no, I can't
feel anything.
She says, well, stand over there
at the other side of the room
and extend your arm and ask
the spirit to touch you.
So I stood at the
other side of the room
feeling very, very
foolish, Regina.
If there's anybody
from spirit, kindly
touch the back of my hand.
Nothing happened for a minute.
Two minutes-- nothing;
three minutes-- nothing.
And then on the fourth minute,
this big pressure pushed down
on my hand and it slapped
the side of my leg and boy,
did I get a fright.
It was incredible.
It really was.
And everybody has got
unconscious muscular movement.
Well, our hand always twitches,
but this was forceful.
This was a depression.
And it was cold
and it was clammy
and it pushed down on my hand.
And I gained these
things-- it's the fuel
for the fire of my interest.
We were in another
case in Tullibody.
It's a small village
near Stirling.
And we had the video cameras
going, the audio cameras going,
et cetera-- sound recorders.
Nothing was happening.
And I says, why did I do this?
Why did I get involved
in the subject?
And then it happened again.
Suddenly, bang-- the
whole room was illuminated
by thousands and thousands of
tiny pinpricks of white light.
It was like a children's--
here in the UK,
we have on November the
5th Guy Fawkes night--
a handheld sparkler which a
light-- it's just this long,
thin sparkles.
>>REGINA: Yes, we have
those in the US, too.
>>ROBINSON: Do you have them?
>>REGINA: They're
called sparklers.
Yeah.
>>ROBINSON: Hey, there you go.
And that's what it
was like, Regina.
It was like a whole
room was exploding--
in all these sparkly lights.
And they were all
over the ceiling.
It was all over the walls.
It was all over your clothes.
It was all over the carpets.
And I said to our psychic,
what on earth is this?
What is this?
Oh, Malcolm, you
should know better.
What is it, then?
She says, that's
pure psychic energy.
It's just the spirits letting
us know that they're here.
Wow.
This is great.
So within about
27 seconds, it was
like a dimmer switch on a wall.
It just slowly, slowly,
slowly, slowly got dark.
And bang, you're
back in darkness.
So we crossed our fingers.
We went to the VCR, pressed
Stop, pressed Rewind,
pressed Play.
Nothing was there.
We were so disappointed
that we never
managed to capture
something on film.
But even if we had,
Regina, would that
have proved our point?
People night have said, you
manufactured that on-- you've
doctored the evidence.
So sometimes even
with the proof,
it's very difficult to relay
that proof to Joe public.
>>REGINA: It is, but there
are proofs that do exist.
And remind me the name of the
group in Britain-- Montague,
who was part of the group and
passed over to the other side,
and they were doing--
>>ROBINSON: The
Scole Experiment?
>>REGINA: The Scole
Experiment, yes.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And let's
talk just a wee bit
about the Scole
Experiment, because this
was a matter of
getting audio proofs.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
The Scole Experiment was
fascinating for me as well.
It was a number of
years ago in Norfolk.
There, many researchers
and like minded individuals
sat in a seance room for
quite a number of weeks.
And they managed to get a whole
range of paranormal effects
occurring in that
room-- balls of light.
They even had a gentleman
who they called-- well,
for want of a better
word, I'll say
gentleman-- this
chap called Blue.
It was like an alien--
the pear-shaped head
and the piercing eyes.
And there was a blue,
tint, et cetera.
They were getting touched
on the back of their neck.
They were getting
voices coming round.
They had a lot of
sounds on audiotape.
And for me, this was
probably the best evidence--
in the Scole Experiment-- that's
ever been registered anywhere
in the world for people.
>>REGINA: And the voice was
talking from the other side
through to them and they
got the recordings of it.
>>ROBINSON: And
that's so important
because they got these audio
recordings from people.
And it always like,
they asked the question
and they got a response.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And it
was fascinating.
I will just hope that
your viewers look up
the Scole Experiment on
Google or just look for that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
There was a film done about it.
I remember that.
I saw it when it first
aired-- one of the premieres.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And that
was a fascinating case.
It really was.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's worth looking into.
But then while we're on
the subject of seances,
you have one that you'd
like to talk about.
And then I have some
questions about that.
Because that's where it
gets fun, because people
do this as kind of a
parlor game, but it's not.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
I know.
I'm mean, don't get me wrong.
Even though I believe
in life after death--
the evidence is overwhelming.
It suggests it--
even though I believe
in the validity of alien
technology and aliens
because evidence for me-- I
accept it because it's there,
I'm still skeptical.
And this case I'm talking about
now-- the Chingford seance
near London-- this lady
says to me, Malcolm,
would you like to
see dead people?
I says, yeah, of course I would.
That's why I do it.
So I arranged a time
to go and see her.
She was holding a seance in
her family home in Chingford.
And she took me upstairs
to the back bedroom
where I inspected
the walls to make
sure there were no hidden
cavities for recording units.
I put my foot on the
floorboards to make
sure nothing was hidden
in the floorboards.
There was a small
unit-- a bedroom unit
in the back of the wall.
There was a black cape
going across the corner--
a big black cape and a
small white chair, of which
the visiting medium would sit
there later on in the evening.
I'll come back to that.
And there was a small chest
of drawers in the room.
So there were very little
furniture in that room.
She then took me
to another room,
and it was a small glass case
about so high-- big glass
shelves.
And there were rings on
it and there were coins.
I says, what that?
She says, this is
called an apport.
These fall down from
nothing-- from in the air.
And you pick them
up and they're hot.
They're called apports.
And it's quite common
in a seance room.
You can get coins, rings--
a whole range of things.
So later that night, the
psychic medium came up.
And I checked his person to
make sure there were no hidden
telescopic roads or
anything like that.
And I was happy with it.
We pulled back the curtain
at the corner of the room
and I sat him in the chair.
And we used these Velcro
straps to strap him
to the chair like this.
I says, you comfortable?
Yes, I'm comfortable.
And we drew the curtain back.
And this is at the
corner of the room.
And then we switched the
lights off in this room
and there was a
small, red ambient
light that silhouetted
all the sitters.
There were about
four or five sitters
in the room with me, Regina.
And your eyes adjusted
to the darkness--
>>REGINA: Sitters?
Other people sitting
that were part of it?
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: Sitters.
Sorry.
And your eyes adjusted
to the darkness
and you could see that.
And then suddenly--
unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
>>REGINA: What happened?
>>ROBINSON: You heard
all these voices-- voices
from sprit-- male, female,
young, old-- coming from there,
coming from there,
coming from under your
chair-- all over the room.
And I'm still skeptical.
I'm thinking, who's
throwing their voices?
Is this a trick?
No, this is true.
And it was right up
at my ear, this voice.
And I'm going like that.
And nobody was sitting there.
They were all sitting-- the
other people were there.
And then suddenly, this black
cape at the corner of the room
pushed itself out in
the middle of the room
and you could see
this face-- this face
molded into the
drape of this cloth.
And as it did so, you
saw the sitter's feet--
this psychic medium who was
behind-- you could see his feet
were planted firmly
on the floor.
So he wasn't getting up off
his chair to move his hands.
This is clearly
another face and it
was moving all over the cape.
And then suddenly,
this small chest
of drawers which was right
next to this black-- the cape
went in by the way.
The face shape came
in then it would stop.
The small chest of drawers
which was sitting next
to this black cape
started to wobble.
And then it rose up into
the air-- honest to God,
this was incredible--
it rose up into the air
and floated across the room
and stopped in front of my face
and fell right at my toes.
And boy, did I get
a fright, Regina.
>>REGINA: I bet.
>>ROBINSON: It was really scary.
And then the spirit voice--
it sounds something out
of Hollywood I'm saying,
but it's the truth.
Please believe me.
It's the truth.
Suddenly, this voice boomed out,
was Malcolm impressed by this?
I went, oh, my God.
>>REGINA: Certainly
frightened and impressed.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
And I said, I'd
be more impressed
if you took it back the way.
And then this voice boomed out,
we shall see what we can do.
So I did a cardinal
sin-- something
that you should never do,
Regina, in psychic seances.
I tried to stop the psychic
phenomena from happening.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>ROBINSON: You
shouldn't do that.
It's dangerous to a psychic.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And maybe I
shouldn't be admitting this,
but I did.
What I did was, I
hooked my finger
under the lip of this
small chest of drawers
which was sitting
in front of me.
And I says to myself, this
thing's going nowhere.
OK.
You can take it back now.
Nothing happened for
about 30, 40 seconds.
And it suddenly--
nobody was there--
it started vibrating
very, very violently.
Nobody was there.
The sitters-- the people
were about two feet there.
I could quite clearly see
there was a space there
and there was a space there.
And it started to move.
And I tried to pull it back.
I was pulling it back.
And it just, like a hot
knife through butter,
floated away up into the middle
of the room and went back
and fell very violently
and went thud on the floor.
And I was-- and just then, this
wind-- the prevailing wind--
this cold, cold, cold, wind
rushed through the room.
[EXHALES] My breath was
freezing up. [EXHALES]
You could see your
breath freezing up.
It was absolutely freezing.
And there was all these
little silver bells
that the occupant of the house--
the person who owned the house
had tacked onto the
walls of the house.
They were all tingling, moving.
And it was one of the
most fascinating things
that I've ever seen.
And how I wished your viewers
had been with me that night.
>>REGINA: Oh, I wish I could've
been with you there, too.
>>ROBINSON: And you.
And you.
>>REGINA: OK.
So when this happened and it
dropped the dresser back down,
were there any messages?
A moment ago, you
said you really
shouldn't try to counter that
if you're in that situation
because it's dangerous.
Now, what actually happened
and then why is it dangerous?
>>ROBINSON: Well, it's
dangerous in the sense
that because I was trying to
stop the psychic phenomena
happening-- all this is
building up from the psychic--
this medium chap who
was sitting there.
He's in tune with
the spirit world.
And me trying to stop
that affects him-- it
does affect him.
So I got up a few moments later
and I moved the curtain back
and his head was gently
resting on his chest.
And there was this glow.
It was like a whitish, blue glow
pervading all over his face.
I couldn't see where the
glow was coming from.
There was only a small,
red light in the room.
And this glow--
this beautiful glow.
And I touched him again
to make sure he was not
hiding anything.
And nothing was there.
It was very bizarre.
But you can harm people because
as I say, you try to stop that
and that affects the psychic.
And I put my hand up-- I did.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Now, one of the things
I've experienced
is there was this
woman named Olga
who was in the town
I was in at the time
and people said oh, she's
a marvelous medium if you
want to contact the deceased.
And she just fell into this
little group I was with
and I said, oh, that sounds fun.
And she did table tapping.
>>ROBINSON: Oh, yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's talk about that
phenomena, because at the time
when you're doing
that, you think,
well, is it just a buildup
of our own psychic energy
that's making that table move?
Because you put a finger
on it and the thing
is raring up like
a bucking bronco
and slamming into the ground.
And I couldn't see Olga
doing anything more
than putting her finger
on the table, as well.
Talk about this
phenomena a little bit.
>>ROBINSON: Yeah, table
tilting-- table tapping
has been with us for hundreds
and hundreds of years.
In the Victorian England--
>>REGINA: It's a very primitive
way to get information.
>>ROBINSON: It is.
And they used to
do parlor tricks
where they would try this.
I've tried it myself.
And it works.
It works.
Other reserachers-- we had
our hands on the table--
not under the table, obviously,
but on top of the table.
And it was a heavy wooden table.
And we asked if anybody was from
spirit side, if you were there,
kindly let us know you were
there in the room that evening.
And suddenly, there was a
couple knocks on the table.
And that was strange
because everybody's hands
was on the table.
And then suddenly, the whole
table flipped up like that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
>>ROBINSON: And I had this
flattened table on my nose.
It rose right up on my nose.
And everybody had to more
or less kind of break away.
And then I says, OK, OK, OK.
You're here.
We know you're here.
Could you move the
table back now, please?
And suddenly, this heavy
table-- when it got to an angle,
gravity would have dictated it
should have just fell of its
own accord--
>>REGINA: No.
It stays there.
It hovers.
>>ROBINSON: --but it didn't.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ROBINSON: It stayed there.
>>ROBINSON: It
stayed there, Regina.
And then suddenly,
it just gently
went down of its own
accord with people's hands
on top-- not below--
on top of the table.
On another occasion I've
tried it, it came up
and it more or less was
dancing all over the room.
We actually had to
get off our chair
and it was moving
all over the room.
And it is a tool.
It's a tool that
psychic researchers
use to contact other side.
People use the Ouija boards.
I do not advocate using
that because it's dangerous.
>>REGINA: Well, talk
about that for a moment.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
I mean--
>>REGINA: In fact, that
was my next question is,
what about our-- that's the
most common interface people
start playing with
when they're kids.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
>>ROBINSON: It's dangerous.
I mean, not all to do
with the spirit world
is nice and rosy, et cetera.
There is a nasty
element of that.
Some of your viewers
may be aware of these,
what we call lower astral
entities-- these people who
can't accept the fact that
they've passed on to the spirit
world and tend to hang
around the Earth plane.
Again, it sounds Hollywood, but
this is what they're saying.
>>REGINA: Yes.
No, this is true.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And
so anybody that's
going into this-- a Ouija board,
they'll suddenly see somebody's
trying to make
contact and they'll
try and kid on your Uncle
John or your Auntie Agnes
and stuff like that.
They'll give false names.
And then they can smash
tumblers, as well--
make a lot of disturbance
in the family home.
>>REGINA: Tumblers
meaning glasses.
>>ROBINSON: Sorry.
Glasses.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Smash glasses.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: Smash
glasses in the room.
And it can be very, very
traumatic and disturbing
to young children of an age
where they shouldn't really
be doing this.
The sad thing
about a Ouija board
is it does work but is it,
again, our own mind this
is pushing the planchette or
the glass or is it truly spirit?
It's a bit of both.
I still believe that
spirit is using this
as a tool to make
contact, absolutely.
But it's a bit of both.
And so it can be dangerous.
Just getting back
to another case
I should mention
to your viewers--
>>REGINA: Please do.
Yes.
We still have a
little bit of time.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: We spoke about
poltergeists a moment ago.
One of the biggest
poltergeist cases
that's ever occurred
in Scotland happened
when I was only about
three years of age.
But I re-investigated
it some years later.
It's called the
Sauchie poltergeist.
It happened to a
young, 11-year-old girl
who came over from Donegal.
Virginia Campbell was her name.
Her parents left
Donegal in Ireland.
And she didn't want to move.
I don't want to move.
This is my family--
my friends here.
You're going to Scotland.
I don't want to go to Scotland.
And she came over
with her family
and settled in a small
town called Sauchie,
which is near Alloa, about
40 miles from Glasgow.
No sooner were they
in this family home
than strange things
started to happen.
[KNOCKING] There were knockings
on the wall like a ping pong
ball being bounced, bounced,
bounced, bounced off the wall.
There was a heavy linen
chest where, in Scotland, you
store your clothes and sheets
rose up off the floor--
several feet off the floor--
and fell back down again.
It got so bad they had
to ask the local doctor
to come in because they thought
maybe the young girl was
suffering from something.
So the doctor went
upstairs to the bedroom
and Virginia was lying on
the head on the pillow.
And the doctor went to
help her, and he suddenly
saw the pillow
next to her depress
as if a secondary
invisible head just
went-- what's going on here?
And then the doctor himself got
pushed in that particular room
as well.
Now, events got so bad they
even followed her to her school.
She went to the local school.
And in 1960-- this
is when it happened.
1960-- in Scotland, you
had these old wooden desks.
And the teacher at the
front of the class looked up
and all-- it was just a
sea of small kids' faces.
And Virginia had her arms
down on the desk like--
Virginia, what you doing?
Stop that.
What you doing?
And she took her arms
away and the desk lid's
flapping up of it
its own accord.
And in another occasion,
she went to the teacher
with these jotters-- essays?
I don't know how you would say
in America-- a project that you
had been working on.
>>REGINA: Oh, like
a little-- is it
like a paper booklet
or something?
>>ROBINSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And she had been
working on something like that.
And she went to
present these papers.
And she laid them on
the teacher's desk.
And then suddenly,
the teacher's cane--
they had a pointing cane
because in 1960, in the schools,
you had a blackboard and
the teacher had a big cane
to point to the blackboard.
It was lying flat on
the teacher's table.
And it started to vibrate.
And then it stood up vertically
and started bang, bang, bang,
in front of the whole class.
>>REGINA: Oh, goodness.
>>ROBINSON: The
whole kids saw this.
As it was a big, big table.
And then suddenly, this table
rose up a couple of inches
off the floor and started-- it
was like something in a film,
this-- started moving across.
So whereas before,
the teacher was
in the long part of
the table, the table
had lifted up in front
of the whole class
and rotated 90 degrees.
And then now the
table was in front--
the small part of the table
was in front of her stomach.
And that was a major case.
It lasted for about
six, seven months.
And the family disappeared.
They just left Scotland
and moved down to England.
But there's so much
more to that case.
And it's much, much more
different than a ghost case
because this is disruptive.
A poltergeist is
very disruptive.
>>REGINA: So in the few
minutes we have remaining,
give us an idea of
how you've integrated
all of this-- what
you think is going on
and what you think
our opportunity is
to start consciously
welcoming interface
with other dimensions of
reality-- UFOs and so forth--
rather than the governments
trying to obscure and hide
information-- people feeling
embarrassed to share it.
Where do we go with this now?
>>ROBINSON: Well,
certainly all UFO groups
from not only the
United Kingdom,
but France, Belgium,
America, and Canada
should pool all their resources
together and work closely
together.
Because sadly, in
this day and age,
there's some in-house
fighting and stuff like that.
It's very clear that
the American government
knows more than
they're letting on.
Under the Freedom
of Information Act,
many preclassified
government documents
pertaining to the CIA,
the NSA, and the FBI
clearly showed that the
government of America--
and the UK British fails--
were looking very seriously
at the UFO enigma.
Was it a Russian thing?
Was it the Russians
that's coming?
And when you look very closely
at some of these documentation,
you see that some of
the pages are heavily
blacked out-- big
paragraphs blacked out.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
they're all redacted.
Yes.
You could read every tenth word.
>>ROBINSON: It's ridiculous.
And I think that
the governments know
of much more than
they're letting on.
Now, why is that?
Is it because-- as
we spoke earlier,
Regina-- it's maybe they're
working side by side
in black budget programs?
Or is it something else?
There is a phenomena to
be looked at, for sure.
I firmly believe that we are
being visited by creatures--
aliens-- call them what you
will-- not of this earth.
They've always been with us.
It may not necessarily
be extraterrestrial.
I think it possibly could
be more inter-dimensional.
There are many sightings have
been seen of objects coming out
of the oceans of
this planet, mostly
around the island
of Puerto Rico where
many sightings have been seen--
>>REGINA: And off Los
Angeles Channel Islands.
Lots in that corridor.
>>ROBINSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ROBINSON: And so I think
perhaps they're already here.
They may have bases
on this planet
in the oceans of the world.
And that's something we have
to look at very carefully.
My agreement today is to
get this information out
to the public.
And I struggle with it
because we've got photographs.
We've got good video
footage, et cetera.
What do we need to
prove the skeptics?
>>REGINA: There seems to
be adequate proof there,
but if you have a media
completely aligned against that
making the light of day,
that's part of the problem.
>>ROBINSON: It's a big problem.
I think the media connect.
Yeah.
The media control the masses.
The media dictate
what will be seen
and what will not be seen,
and more so here in the United
Kingdom.
And that annoys me because
the big picture is not
being put out to the public.
>>REGINA: No.
>>ROBINSON: It's not.
And I can only hope that
these sightings continue
because we're dealing with more
and more sightings these days.
We're dealing with not
just classic flying
saucer ships and much
anymore, as you probably
know-- these black triangular
shaped objects which
are about the size of six,
seven football fields.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Phoenix Lights and so forth.
Yes.
>>ROBINSON: Exactly.
They fly silently and
slowly-- majestically
across the skies of
the UK and the States.
And if that's our
own technology,
my goodness me, it's
staggering, isn't it?
But yes, we're dealing with
something very real here.
>>REGINA: And what about
just on an ordinary level,
where you're walking
through a room
and you see someone moving
out of the corner of your eye,
but there's no one there?
You feel that chill-- you
feel someone, as you have had,
touch your hair
or your shoulder.
I mean, most human beings, if
we're paying any attention,
are having these experiences
pretty regularly.
Is your thought that it's best
to just say, oh, interesting.
Hello.
Goodbye.
To engage-- or how
do we begin exploring
our multi-dimensional
reality on a personal level?
>>ROBINSON: Yeah.
Well funnily enough,
I'm on a case
just now from a lady who's been
troubled by both phenomena.
She's experiencing grays in
her bedroom, and ghosts-- would
you believe-- and spirit.
And she's absolutely
traumatized.
She's from Ireland.
Her daughter,
Amanda, is terrified.
She has to bring her
daughter into the room,
and there's this smokey mist
envelops the two of them.
And then suddenly, they see
this gray creature there.
And they've seen ghosts and
spirit in this room, as well.
So that is perplexing, as well.
And it's trying to
analyze that and what
we're dealing with here.
>>REGINA: So I
guess everybody has
to approach it in their
own way, in the end?
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
It's all about
pooling the evidence--
getting that evidence out there.
Mainstream media,
as we spoke about,
are not up to probably
letting us do that.
>>REGINA: No.
We're on our own.
>>ROBINSON: But thankfully,
shows like yourself--
the wonderful TV show
that you're producing--
is getting that information out.
And that needs to
come out, Regina.
>>REGINA: Instead of just
being weird phenomena,
my interest in all
of it is that people
start looking at the
notion of realities
beyond this physical
reality, even
if it's another physical
reality from elsewhere,
but start getting
comfortable with the notion
that we've never been alone and
we're really only experiencing
a tiny sliver of our
reality with our senses.
>>ROBINSON: We are.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's start opening
up and seeing what's out there.
>>ROBINSON: We are.
We're a tiny, tiny grain of
sand in a huge cosmic beach.
>>REGINA: You bet.
>>ROBINSON: Just tiny
bit-- grain of sand.
Just one quick story.
My father, when
he saw my interest
in these matters
developing, he says,
son, I've got
something to tell you.
I mean, what?
What?
He sees, you know, your gran--
my mother-- I says yeah.
>>REGINA: Grandmother.
Yeah.
>>ROBINSON: And,
well, she passed away,
as you know, last year.
You want to know what happened?
What happened?
He says, well, she
had passed away.
And then the night after she had
passed, he was lying in his bed
and suddenly, the room-- there
was a beautiful blue glow
of light pervaded
the whole room.
And then suddenly,
he heard, Robert--
that's my father's name--
Robert, look at me.
Look at me.
And my father knew that
that was his mother.
But she died the previous day.
And he pulled down the
covers and he looked at her.
And she was beautiful.
She was radiant.
She actually looked
30 years younger.
And they say that with people.
>>REGINA: I saw my mother
after she died-- same thing.
She looked about
40 years younger.
Beautiful.
>>ROBINSON: It's
weird, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>ROBINSON: And she says--
and it sounds Hollywood,
but this is what she said--
I'm just moving on now.
I'm going to move on.
I just want to say goodbye.
We will see each other again.
And with that, the
light diminished
and it was blackness again.
The following night, he learned
that his brother-- my Uncle
Tommy-- they all-- she
had visited all the family
members, Regina.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Ooo.
>>ROBINSON: And just to
let her say farewell.
So life after death
for me is a given.
Near death experiences--
out of body experiences--
the phenomena-- the
evidence is there.
It's overwhelming.
And it's just-- it's a
fascination that drives me
forward and I'm looking
for cases to build this.
>>REGINA: So we let our audience
know you're looking for cases.
>>ROBINSON: Yes.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: On that note,
I want to thank you
so much for your time.
And tell us what is
your website, again?
>>ROBINSON: Well, it's
a Facebook site I have.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ROBINSON: It's
www.facebook.com
/malcolm.robinson2.
And that's the website.
If anybody wants to share
any of their stories,
it will be treated
in confidence.
And I'd love to hear from you.
>>REGINA: Very good.
Thank you.
And on that note, thank
you for joining us here
on Gaiam TV in London.
[MUSIC PLAYING]